1. Show all exams for a specific user & specific subject : All the exams, sorted by ExamDate with latest on top and its execution status 
                                                           is displayed. Exam already attempted and pass shown in green,
                                                            not attempted in blue, attempted and fail in red.
2. User clicks on Exam : A accordian opens and shows score card (with section wise max and score, followed by total and percentage),
                         clickable icons for, question paper preview (with score), publishing paper in pdf 
                         
In case logged-in user is a teacher, he should be able to see all his students and quick dashboard for all at a time. For 
detailed information on each student, teacher will select the student, and interface will then show all information in context of 
selected student.




1. All exams for a specific user and subject are listed when specific subject is selected.QP details are shown on click. This is a 
   scenario of student, where he is seeing his own exams.
1.1 Passed, Failed or not-attempted flag is displayed.
1.2 Another scenario is when Teacher is logged in. Tree will now show User(Teacher) as root and below that next level is classes. 
    Teacher selects a particular class, a list of students is shown in tree, with photo icon displayed (teacher can click on icon)
    to expand. Teacher selects the student and his profile is shown in content pane.
    1.2.1 Clicking on "Subjects" shows a dashboard with student names and exam summary, like exams assigned, attempted, passed, failed.
          different sorting and searching options can be displayed.
    1.2.2 When user clicks on specific subject, various exams are listed, with associated question paper. When clicks on listed exam
          list of students is displayed with indicator whether exam is attempted, failed, passed, attempted on etc. 
          Filter and sorting feature can be provided.
